Why wow quality
Get up
A mere royal bad is not in the eyes hahaha
A mere royal is also a big tone
If I'm not mistaken
In that box
It should be the bones of your dead father
Ash I tell you this young master
But do you dare to move in this dress?
Hahahaha
I'll push your dad's dog in front of you later
Feed it to the dog
Don't you dare
He doesn't have what you dare to do
Feng Shao Feng Shao
Review, how dare you hit Feng Shao?
Do you know how serious the harem is?
You are too impulsive to kill your brother-in-law
I will never let go of your thoughts
Don't worry, I won't let go of the cowardly entertainment either.
For the sake of the Education Commission five years ago
I don't care about you today.
Get out of here now
I said it anyway
I'm not afraid to tell you that I didn't save you back then
It's not you at all, it's Su Xue, the bitch who stole it
Su Xue is not you
The patient was bleeding profusely.
If you don't bleed, you'll die
But the patient has a rare blood type
We don't have this kind of blood in our blood bank.
Doctor, I also have a rare blood type.
You can smoke me
Su Xue, why didn't you tell me?
It's me who won't let him tell me
Back then, your family also sent women
You took the initiative to send it to my door again and begged me
Of course I accept you.
But now I'm the emperor
Hahaha brother-in-law, what are you doing?
Su Xue was the one who saved me 5 years ago
I should... I should marry you.
Brother-in-law, what are you talking about?
Since you have married my sister
You should find a way to propose to my sister
How can you have a crush on me?
I did something wrong before, but now it's come to light
Would you like to give me a chance?
Ah you let me go
Su Xu Su Xu
Stop for me
You think you hit the emperor
You can run away so easily, right?
Why are you running so fast?
Get him for me